Hi, my name is Frederick.
And I am Jonas.
Welcome to this guide about source criticism.
As a student you will encounter many different sources, that require you to consider how they can be used.
The purpose of these videos is to help improve your understanding of how to find the best sources during your studies.
A good understanding of source criticism is not only something you can use as a student -
- but can also come in very handy in your everyday life.
It is important to be able to distinguish between good and bad sources -
- especially when you have been tasked with a job from an employer, or you have to navigate the social media.
Here, we will present you with five short concepts that are important when validating sources.
The five concepts are connected and supplement each other, but are of course only meant as a guideline.